the POR in a scheduled shipment is
directly connected to Israeli threats of
an operation in Rafa this has been
confirmed by the Secretary of Defense in
a senate committee hearing Israel
shouldn't launch a a major attack in
arfa without accounting for uh and
protecting the civilians that are in
that battle space uh and and again as we
have uh assess the situation uh we
paused one shipment of high high uh uh
payload Munitions the state department
declined to discuss what weapons were in
the shipment but had this to say about
the Israeli actions at The crucial Rafa
Crossing Israel has seized that Crossing
and Israel is in control of it now so it
is is the responsibility to open that
Crossing and make sure that it is
running effectively right now is a is a
responsibility of the government of
Israel all this part of an apparent
attempt to put pressure on Israel to
come to a ceasefire
agreement but the state department is
under pressure of its own it is in the
final stages of completing a national
security memorandum in which it is
obliged to inform Congress whether or
not it has received assurances from
countries that have received weapons
from the United States that they are
being used in accordance with
International humanitarian law it's the
first time that a US Department formally
and publicly will have to take a
position on the manner in which Israel
is using Us weapons Mike Hannah aljazera
Washington make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer